Update continuous-verification-faqs.md (#7138)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/verify/continuous-verification-faqs.md

Yes, You can deploy to selective stages.

### I am trying to implement Continuous Verification in Harness, but I am not able to see the Continuous Verification or Verify option.

> Can you check and confirm the type of stage where you are trying to add the Verify step, as this option is only available with the CD (Deploy) stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you check and confirm the type of stage where you are trying to add the Verify step, as this option is only available with the CD (Deploy) stage.
```

### Do I need to create a monitored service before running the execution?

> Monitored services will be created automatically after execution for that service/environment combination, but after that, you have to setup the health source. If you have already created and configured the health source, you will be able to see the verification result in the first run itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitored services will be created automatically after the execution of the service/environment combination. However, you have to setup the health source after that. If you have already created and configured the health source, you will be able to see the verification result in the first run itself.
```

> ### Verification is getting skipped although there is monitored service configured for service+env combination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verification is getting skipped though there is monitored service configured for service+env combination.
```
